I'm John Harmon.
I'm a senior data scientist at Macmillan Learning, and today I'm going to talk to you about mentoring
at the R4DS Online Learning Community.
So the takeaways I want you to get from this talk are that teaching is a good way to increase
your fluency, and that I need 40 of you to go to r4ds.online, click Slack, and message
me, JohnTheGeek.
So R4DS Online Learning Community was founded in 2017 by Jesse Mostapak.
It started as a study group for going through the R for Data Science book by Hadley and
And it's kind of evolved into just a place you can come when you're struggling with something
in R, and someone will help you figure out how to do that thing.
You can find us at r4ds.online, click Slack.
We have over 4,000 members, about 250 of which are active every week, and we're most famous
for the Tidy Tuesday project on Twitter, where every Monday we release a data set, and then
people create visualizations and post their visualizations and their code on Twitter.
We also do the RFeedback Friday hashtag and the Function Friday hashtag, just as a way
to engage with the RStats community on Twitter.
But what I'm focusing on today is we also do office hours.
Every Saturday I am on R Slack from starting at 11 a.m. Central Time, 9 a.m. Pacific, and
just when questions come in, I help people find the answers.
Now usually it's something like, hey, is there a function to do this?
And I know what function it is, or I can go look up what function it is.
But sometimes it'll be something that I have no idea, but I have more experience using
R and I know how to read help and I know how to Google, and so usually I'm guiding
people through how to do that.
My goal, why I said I need 40 people, is I want to have 40 people doing this.
We've got, I think we're up to eight now.
I want to have a full-time tutor by this time next year, equivalent, so 40 hours a week.
More than that would be great.
So I would like you to go to r4ds.online, click Slack, and message John the Geek.
Some examples of why you should do this.
Number one, teaching is a great way to learn.
When you teach something, you have to understand it, and so it helps you develop more proficiency.
There's some references on that in the learning by teaching article on Wikipedia.
I don't have time to go through all of that, but it's there.
Some examples.
Over on the left was just last week, someone was asking about how to learn to do presentations
with RMD, and this was really helpful to me.
Not quite timely enough, because if you look at my slides, this is in Google Slides, but
soon, now I have the info that I know where to go to learn how to make these presentations
in R. Another example was when Toon from Tidy Models first came out on GitHub, a bunch of
us were playing with that, and someone was like, hey, this example code in the vignette
doesn't work, and so I was like, oh, let me look, and oh, it didn't work for me either,
so I ended up creating an issue, worked through that with Max, and then I also did a pull
request for some documentation, so I ended up, I'm a contributor to Toon now because
of R4DS, and also, I learned a lot about how Toon works by going through trying to figure
out why it didn't work and then realizing, oh, because it's broken.
So if you want to see more examples, you can go to r4ds.online, you can click Slack, and
hopefully message me, John the Geek, and sign up for an hour a week, an hour every
other week, an hour a month, whatever you can do.
It's just, it's a lot of fun, and it's a great way to develop your skills.
And that's my time.
Thank you.